W-16093586-sftp-update-ks (#2903)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: sftp/2.4/modules/ROOT/pages/sftp-documentation.adoc

* non-repeatable-stream |  Configure whether to use repeatable streams. |  |
| Redelivery Policy a| <<RedeliveryPolicy>> |  Defines a policy for processing the redelivery of the same message. |  |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>

> * <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. The listener will stop polling if the *reconnect* strategy fails. Use the *reconnect forever* strategy to run the listener indefinitely. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. The source stops polling if the <<reconnect>> strategy fails. Use the <<reconnect-forever>> strategy to run the source indefinitely. |  |
```
